Laura's first year viva
-----------------------

Good statement of research questions.

Typestate/Mungo - didn't have enough on the slide to support the
explanation.

Report suggests adding more sophisticated alias control. Maybe this is
a good thing that we can do in Mungo that isn't natural in Ray's
approach - or can it be done in Ray's approach?

Paul: has she kept records of how long it takes to implement FTP with
session types? This is relevant to the aim of showing that session
types make programming easier.

Both FTP and Paxos have been investigated a little bit and then paused
- we need to make sure we get something out of them both.

Can we identify a series of extensions that would progressively get
closer to specifying the whole of each protocol?

Is it too difficult to evaluate the usability of session types? We
might need to narrow the research questions. Can we use students in
relevant courses?

Are we trying to show that programming is faster, or more correct?

How do we measure correctness? We could measure the time taken to
reach a working system, and use an automated test environment - like a
programming competition.

Is there a standard test suite for FTP, for example? Maybe there is
something open source for Linux?

Trying to measure the effectiveness of session types seems like a
difficult but worthwhile problem. Should we really look at extensions
of Scribble and other tools? - maybe there is enough work to do with
the current tools. Wim and Paul suggest focussing on protocols that
can already be handled.

Wim thinks she might be overconfident about implementing extensions to
Scribble.

Is it feasible to do an initial study during the summer? Who will the
participants be?

Paul thinks the balance of planned work looks wrong - too much on tool
development and not enough on designing and analysing the experiments.

Wim would like to see more detail about exactly what the experiments
will compare and measure, and how long it will take.





